We're back with David Spade who's freaking
out cuz we're gonna play one of my
favorite games, 5 Second Rule.
And Twitch is gonna give us a category.
>> Yeah.
>> And we just have to name
three things in five seconds.
>> I'm not good, I'm not like
a super genius, okay, let's try it.
>> No, I know.
No, it's a very difficult game.
I'll go first and
to show you that I will suck as well.
>> Okay.
>> Okay,
Ellen, name three other famous Davids.
>> David Duchovny,
David Letterman and David Jones.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Davy Jones from the Monkeys,
I called him David.
>> That was about a minute and
half though.
>> No, I have, did I?
>> Did she get it right?
>> Did I do it before the time?
House rules.
>> Uh-uh.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Okay, let me try it.
>> All right.
>> All right, David.
>> Davy Jones.
>> Name three words that sound dirty but
are not.
>> Biscuit, cooch and jugs.
[SOUND]
>> Just right [INAUDIBLE].
>> That was a good, biscuit.
>> Is cooch not dirty?
>> I think cooch may be dirty.
>> Cooch would be a little dirty.
>> [LAUGH]
>> I don't know.
>> I don't even know what that is.
>> I don't even know what they all are.
>> All right.
>> All right, Ellen,
name three things you keep moist.
>> [LAUGH]
>> You keep strawberries, blueberries,
raspberries.
[SOUND]
>> [LAUGH]
>> You put a-
>> My God.
>> You put a [INAUDIBLE].
>> No, that was good.
>> Thank you.
>> That was amazing.
Okay, David, name three things
you do at a bachelor party.
>> Make it rain.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Cry in the corner and
wonder why you're not getting married.
[SOUND]
>> [LAUGH]
>> Okay, Ellen, name three pretty blondes.
>> Portia De Rossi,
Kate Hudson, David Spade.
>> [LAUGH]
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> Hey, you got it, man.
>> All right, David,
name three names you've been called.
>> Fun, blowdry-y and
not super tall.
[SOUND] Do those count?
>> Those were all good.
If we didn't have a time limit,
you'd be winning.
>> [LAUGH] Do I lose everytime-
>> Almost.
>> God.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Okay, Ellen,
name three things to do in Vegas.
>> Gamble, drink and see shows.
>> That was too easy.
That was a good one.
Look at how much time.
Is this over yet?
>> No, you should be good at this one.
You'll be all right..
>> Okay.
>> Three things Adam Sandler is scared of.
>> Me being more famous,
spiders and growing up.
[SOUND]
>> [LAUGH]
>> That's not bad.
>> I love that you still hit it.
>> I saw it was nine minutes later.
We'll take out the bad ones, I guess.
>> Yeah, we'll take out the bad ones.
>> Sure.
>> Ellen, besides a spade,
name three other suits of playing cards.
>> Diamonds, clubs and hearts.
>> What, can I get that one?
>> [LAUGH]
>> That was an easy one.
>> Mine are like,
what are three mathematical theories?
>> [LAUGH]
>> Okay.
>> David, name three punch lines.
>> Take my wife please.
>> [LAUGH]
>> And after this,
I got to walk out of here by myself.
>> [LAUGH]
>> No, no, that's my dog.
>> They sound like jokes, right?
>> Yeah.
>> Two were.
[SOUND]
>> Aah!
>> All right.
>> [APPLAUSE]
>> There's no real winner, right?
>> Look, five to one.
>> Yeah, there is a winner.
>> There's a winner.